Hello friends,
you all are welcome to our YouTube channel.
Friends, if
you want to deposit your life insurance in your
ICICI bank sitting at home with the help of your phone, friends,
whatever friends, it has been a month
or a year and friends,
you have to
deposit the payment to ICICI Life Insurance, then
friends, how will you be
able to deposit it with the help of your phone.  Friends,
I will tell you the complete process in this video.
Friends, I will
give you A to Z information in this video.  Only friends,
you have to stay tuned to this video and if you like the video
then please like and subscribe to the video.
So let's
start the video.  Friends,
what do you have to do first?  First of all friends,
you will get the option of clear data in the browser of your phone.
Friends, you have to clear all the history by clicking on Clear Data.
After that, friends,
you have to go to your Play Store, like friends,
after coming to Play Store, you have to
open PhonePe, friends,
you have to download PhonePe in the browser of your phone.
Friends, if you have
already downloaded the PhonePe app here, then
friends, you have to click on it here.
Like friends, I will show you by clicking.
Friends, as soon as I click on this,
after clicking, you will
see many options here.
Friends, this update of PhonePe has
changed absolutely everything.
Friends, in this you will not know
how you can deposit whatever insurance you have here, what you can do.
Friends, nothing is visible in this
because friends, you can see here that the entire
dashboard of PhonePe has become completely
different.  Friends, you will not know how
you will be able to deposit it.  Friends, what
you have to do here, friends, here you
can see the recharge bill and friends,
whatever options you want to do,
whether your recharge is
related to recharge, friends, friends, it is
related to insurance, friends, friends,
whatever recharge is related to DTS,
after clicking on this option, all the
options will be visible here, so
friends, let me show you by clicking on it once, friends,
as I
click on this, after clicking,
friends, you can see here, you will see the recharge
option and friends,
here you can see PhonePe recharge,
friends, the top 20 options which you will
get, friends, you can see here, all these are used a
lot in India, that is why friends,
you will see them on the first number, just below that, friends, you
can see here,
just below here, friends, you can see, you will get
to see a lot of options in front of you, friends, here
you have to click on the LIC insurance options, here
you have to click on them.  Like
friends, if you click here, then
after clicking, friends, you can see here all the
insurance companies in India, whether friends,
they are private or friends, friends, they are
government, friends, here
you will be able to see all the insurance companies
in the list, friends, you can see here on the
first number, friends, you
can see LIC here and friends, whatever
insurance companies are there, they will be
visible here on the first number and just
below that, friends, after clicking here, friends,
you will scroll down here, then
after scrolling down,
friends, you can see here, friends, here
friends, the payment of life insurance, like ICICI, which is a bank,
friends, if
you want to make your payment,
friends, if you want to renew,
friends, you have to click on it here,
like friends, if I click on it, then
after clicking, friends, you
can see here, the policy number and date of birth are being
asked here.  Friends, what do
you have to do here? Friends, if you have done
your life
insurance here with ICICI bank, friends,
you must have got a
slip here and in the same slip,
you will be able to see the policy number here.
So here the policy number,
friends, as soon as you add the policy number,
after that friends you can see it here, in the
same friends your date of birth will be
visible there.  Friends,
you have to add the date of
birth here exactly the same.  And
after adding, friends, the continue button is
at the bottom, like here you are
not able to see the green here right now.
Because friends, I have not filled this up completely.
Friends, as soon as you fill up
both of these, you will
see green on the continue button here.
Friends, as soon as you
click on the green button here, friends,
all your policies in ICICI Bank,
friends, all your life insurance
payments will automatically get
featured here and
after coming, friends, after that, just like you
pay something at the phone or shop, exactly the same,
friends,
you can do your renewal in your ICICI Bank Life Insurance by paying in the same way.
So friends, I hope
you understood something in the video and if you
liked the video, then please like and subscribe to the video.  Till then,
thanks friends.